com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/authentication/ChangePasswordActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.ChangePasswordActivity
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.ChangePasswordActivity$1
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/adapter/GiftAdapter.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.adapter.GiftAdapter
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.adapter.GiftAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/MainMenuActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.MainMenuActivity
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/SimpleListItemBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.SimpleListItemBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/authentication/LoginActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.LoginActivity
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.LoginActivity$1
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityProfileBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityProfileBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/fragments/RedeemCardFragment.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.fragments.RedeemCardFragment
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.fragments.RedeemCardFragment$1
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.fragments.RedeemCardFragment$EditTextWatcher
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/utils/SharedPrefs.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.SharedPrefs
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.SharedPrefs$1
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityMainMenuBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityMainMenuBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/FragmentPurchaseCardBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.FragmentPurchaseCardBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/authentication/EditProfileActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.EditProfileActivity
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.EditProfileActivity$1
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/interfaces/PurchaseCallback.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.interfaces.PurchaseCallback
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/GiftCardsActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.GiftCardsActivity
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.GiftCardsActivity$1
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/interfaces/RedeemCallback.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.interfaces.RedeemCallback
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/utils/ViewUtils.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.ViewUtils
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.ViewUtils$1
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.ViewUtils$2
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.ViewUtils$3
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.ViewUtils$4
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityRegisterBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityRegisterBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/BuildConfig.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.BuildConfig
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/model/GiftCardModel.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.model.GiftCardModel
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.model.GiftCardModel$GiftCard
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/authentication/RegisterActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.RegisterActivity
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/authentication/ProfileActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.authentication.ProfileActivity
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/utils/CurrencyConversion.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.CurrencyConversion
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/FragmentRedeemCardBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.FragmentRedeemCardBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityGiftCardsBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityGiftCardsBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityEditProfileBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityEditProfileBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/ActivityChangePasswordBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.ActivityChangePasswordBinding
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/fragments/Gift.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.fragments.Gift
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/utils/User.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.utils.User
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/fragments/PurchaseCardFragment.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.fragments.PurchaseCardFragment
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.fragments.PurchaseCardFragment$EditTextWatcher
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/MainActivity.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.MainActivity
com/project/androidtuts/callbacks/databinding/GiftCardItemBinding.java
 com.project.androidtuts.callbacks.databinding.GiftCardItemBinding
